{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Professor: Yumei Huo\uc0\u8232 Department: Computer Science\u8232 College: College of Staten Island (CUNY)\
Overall Rating: 3.7/5\uc0\u8232 Would Take Again: 77%\u8232 Difficulty: 3.3/5\
Review 1\uc0\u8232 Course: CSC326\u8232 Date: June 2026\u8232 Grade: A-\
The professor genuinely cares about whether students understand the material. Some students mention that her accent can make lectures difficult to follow if they are not paying close attention. The course is lecture-heavy and test-heavy. One student felt frustrated because some prerequisite material had not been covered in earlier courses, which led to challenges understanding certain topics.\
Tags: Lecture Heavy, Test Heavy, Helpful\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Review 2\uc0\u8232 Course: CSC382\u8232 Date: November 2025\u8232 Grade: B\
Students describe Professor Huo as helpful during office hours and willing to assist when questions arise. Some mention that the material itself is challenging, but they would still take her again because of her support and willingness to help students succeed.\
Tags: Helpful Office Hours\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Review 3\uc0\u8232 Course: CSC382\u8232 Date: December 2024\u8232 Grade: A\
Students report that Professor Huo may appear strict initially but is supportive of student success. Reviews mention lenient grading policies, extra credit opportunities on exams, and a grading structure that includes homework, labs, and a final project. Multiple students note that she provides useful feedback when asked.\
Tags: Gives Good Feedback, Participation Matters, Lots of Homework\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Review 4\uc0\u8232 Course: CSC382\u8232 Date: May 2024\u8232 Grade: B+\
Students describe the course as heavily focused on algorithms. Reviews mention homework assignments and labs based on the CLRS textbook. Some students appreciate her passion for teaching, while others feel she expects students to remember material from previous courses. The course includes a test and a final presentation.\
Tags: Clear Grading Criteria, Lots of Homework, Lecture Heavy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Review 5\uc0\u8232 Course: CSC326\u8232 Date: October 2023\u8232 Grade: A-\
Students praise Professor Huo's data structures lectures and her ability to explain why concepts matter. She primarily teaches using the board rather than presentation slides. Reviews describe her as open to questions and committed to helping students understand the material. Students recommend having a strong understanding of C++ pointers before taking the course. A group project is included near the end of the semester.\
Tags: Amazing Lectures, Tough Grader, Lecture Heavy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Common Themes Across Reviews\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strong focus on understanding core computer science concepts.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Frequently described as caring about student learning.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Office hours are generally viewed positively.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Courses are often lecture-heavy and require active attention.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Homework and labs play an important role in course grades.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Algorithms and data structures are emphasized heavily.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Some students report difficulty understanding lectures because of the professor's accent.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Several reviews mention useful feedback and extra credit opportunities.\
}